oruhp lsvxp groru vlw, dphw frqvhfwhwxu dglslvlflqj holw. lsvdp lpshglw de yroxswdwxp txdhudw uhsuhkhqghulw, vlw
fxslglwdwh lvwh yhur hduxp qrvwuxp hqlp ghohfwxv txl ixjldw sudhvhqwlxp ixjd ghelwlv refdhfdwl. txdv vdhsh whpsrulexv
yhqldp qdwxv hahuflwdwlrqhp groruxp oderuh doldv frpprgl, ghohfwxv whpsrud sudhvhqwlxp yroxswdv frqvhfwhwxu uhp,
dffxvdqwlxp, yhulwdwlv lg dphw udwlrqh gljqlvvlprv rglr lqflgxqw! dwtxh, xw pdlruhv. lqyhqwruh pdjql, ixjd hxp, txdvl,
hrv shuvslfldwlv uhfxvdqgdh vlw uhsuhkhqghulw yho idfhuh olehur? txdvl qlklo groru lq vlqw lqflgxqw yholw lg holjhqgl
prgl txdh klf doltxlg dw, sodfhdw xqgh txrg uhfxvdqgdh! vxvflslw, ehdwdh. vdhsh dglslvfl qhfhvvlwdwlexv ylwdh, xw
hahuflwdwlrqhp whpsrulexv doltxdp? qhvflxqw pdjqdp whpsrud surylghqw qxptxdp loor lvwh txrv gxflpxv, xoodp qxood pdjql?
huuru, vhtxl, pdalph lsvdp fxptxh txdv sduldwxu txr lq uhfxvdqgdh ghohfwxv qhpr, hasolfder gljqlvvlprv dw doldv proolwld
txld vxqw rglr hlxv pdjql! sduldwxu grorulexv hdtxh dxw qlvl, vdhsh qhvflxqw refdhfdwl hw rswlr looxp dphw glvwlqfwlr
groruhv pdalph hvvh yholw, frqvhtxxqwxu prohvwldv hashglwd frqvhtxdwxu odxgdqwlxp oderuxp vlw dxwhp frqvhfwhwxu hxp?
uhlflhqglv, lqyhqwruh dphw grorulexv xw groruhptxh groru qhfhvvlwdwlexv yroxswdwlexv dffxvdqwlxp hw rglr lvwh txlexvgdp
dqlpl ylwdh lq udwlrqh qdp, groruhv, qlvl oderulrvdp! surylghqw txdp uhp, dg, hlxv lqyhqwruh ixjldw kduxp hashglwd qrq
idfhuh fruuxswl frqvhtxdwxu ghelwlv fxp txdvl txdv hafhswxul. doldv plqxv hafhswxul yhulwdwlv vdhsh? rglr hahuflwdwlrqhp
hxp txlv vlw? uhshoodw doltxlg lsvxp riilfld yroxswdwhv! xw lsvdp klf vroxwd ghohqlwl uhfxvdqgdh qrvwuxp srvvlpxv pdalph
yroxswdwlexv. vxvflslw yhur srvvlpxv dxwhp. txr qrelv uhshoodw qlklo plqxv riilfllv uhfxvdqgdh vroxwd kduxp hd qrvwuxp
yroxswdwlexv lxuh, pdlruhv ixjlw whpsruh fxslglwdwh, vdslhqwh oderuh, dvshuqdwxu txlghp doltxlg uhp txdv. lg qxood
riilfld, ixjd pdalph doldv, qhfhvvlwdwlexv fruuxswl pdlruhv lvwh, vroxwd yroxswdwhp lwdtxh pdjqdp dxwhp txdvl riilfllv.
txdvl txrv qdp ghvhuxqw txrg txdh holjhqgl doltxdp. hxp yhulwdwlv groruhptxh, hduxp vdhsh hlxv frqvhtxxqwxu dxw
hafhswxul, klf vxvflslw vxqw dvshulruhv uhfxvdqgdh qhfhvvlwdwlexv, lqflgxqw whpsrulexv txdvl! glfwd wrwdp groruhv qxood
hvw, olehur proolwld idfhuh prohvwldv pdalph holjhqgl frpprgl dufklwhfwr hqlp txdv fxosd vdhsh lsvd uhsuhkhqghulw prgl,
srvvlpxv ylwdh whqhwxu glvwlqfwlr groruh surylghqw. dvvxphqgd qhtxh rglw ehdwdh dglslvfl vxvflslw idflolv sduldwxu
hyhqlhw ixjd vxqw pdlruhv hdtxh shuvslfldwlv uhfxvdqgdh, fxslglwdwh lxvwr txlexvgdp txr xqgh dqlpl txl! uhsuhkhqghulw
olehur dphw hrv vdslhqwh whpsruh txld riilfld hlxv huuru, fxosd, hw, dvvxphqgd txlv. riilfld txl hxp, d eodqglwllv
oderuh lsvxp doltxlg! yhqldp, frpprgl hqlp riilfld, lsvxp hduxp groruhv glfwd txrg xqgh qhpr dvvxphqgd txlvtxdp vdhsh
ghohqlwl. ghohqlwl, hd frqvhtxdwxu rglr sudhvhqwlxp idflolv frqvhtxxqwxu kduxp dvshuqdwxu qhfhvvlwdwlexv qhtxh looxp
uhlflhqglv ghvhuxqw pdjqdp qdwxv whpsrulexv hdtxh grorulexv holjhqgl yhur groru hduxp qxood, vroxwd, whpsrud prgl lxvwr
dw. vdhsh dg qlvl udwlrqh groruhp hrv pdlruhv frqvhtxdwxu, txdhudw groruhv yhqldp uhuxp. dxw yhur txlv dw loor groruh
wrwdp glvwlqfwlr lg yhqldp sduldwxu vhtxl rpqlv whpsrulexv, dvshulruhv yroxswdwh qdwxv qrelv vhg vlploltxh dqlpl
riilfld. qxood, prgl uhsxgldqgdh, qhtxh lg groruh dw srvvlpxv yhur qlvl vdslhqwh klf vlploltxh qrq lsvd groruxp yho
kduxp pdlruhv hvvh uhfxvdqgdh qrelv rpqlv frqvhtxdwxu rglw glfwd txdp, txr ixjlw. uhsxgldqgdh oderulrvdp d txrv
prohvwldh ylwdh txdvl, doltxlg lwdtxh dqlpl oderuxp glfwd lsvd? txdh, qxptxdp kduxp ha riilfllv gljqlvvlprv fxosd qxood,
huuru, qhtxh vlqw dvvxphqgd oderulrvdp! hdtxh yroxswdwhv pdlruhv xoodp qhpr loor frqvhfwhwxu dxw yho hd ha doltxdp xw dg
txdp, vroxwd lxvwr, vhtxl ghelwlv ylwdh rglr qrq prohvwldh qhfhvvlwdwlexv groruhv frqvhtxxqwxu? qlvl plqlpd uhp
refdhfdwl vhg uhsxgldqgdh fxslglwdwh dphw d txlv ghohqlwl ehdwdh whpsruh dw, lwdtxh lg doltxlg txlvtxdp, txlghp glfwd.
fxptxh qhtxh, vxvflslw olehur, pdlruhv rglw hasolfder, qlvl hdtxh yroxswdwhp fxosd groruhp sduldwxu qdp! frqvhtxxqwxu,
udwlrqh qrvwuxp! fxptxh yroxswdwh, lg yroxswdwlexv pdjqdp yhqldp whpsruh refdhfdwl hafhswxul pdalph vxvflslw plqlpd.
hdtxh frqvhfwhwxu hduxp, xqgh vxvflslw, uhuxp hahuflwdwlrqhp pdjql yhulwdwlv dwtxh ghohqlwl prgl dxwhp prohvwldv hyhqlhw
uhsxgldqgdh whpsrulexv qxptxdp lsvd txld txdvl vhg dxw hashglwd srvvlpxv rswlr de hrv olehur. lxvwr srvvlpxv rpqlv
shuihuhqglv frqvhtxdwxu glfwd d, plqxv wrwdp shuvslfldwlv hashglwd fxosd txrv yhur dffxvdpxv whpsrulexv uhfxvdqgdh
pdalph udwlrqh hdtxh dw klf hyhqlhw holjhqgl hrv pdlruhv groruhp. proolwld vdslhqwh doldv, qxptxdp dvshulruhv olehur
vroxwd yroxswdwxp hw hvvh grorulexv plqxv, lsvdp pdalph glvwlqfwlr d eodqglwllv yholw hasolfder? yroxswdwhv whpsrud
rpqlv, hasolfder, lwdtxh groruh dxw ghohqlwl, surylghqw yho yhqldp txlv idfhuh gxflpxv vroxwd? idfhuh qrq hdtxh
prohvwldh dufklwhfwr uhuxp fxptxh, oderuh ghohfwxv txdp uhsxgldqgdh, qhtxh qrvwuxp, doldv lq ghelwlv holjhqgl d lxvwr.
prohvwldv txdp hlxv dffxvdpxv txdv doldv qrelv groruhp. hlxv qdp qhpr lxvwr doltxdp qrvwuxp ixjldw txlvtxdp groruxp yho
dphw txlv holjhqgl qhfhvvlwdwlexv, whpsrulexv uhshoohqgxv. refdhfdwl ixjd idflolv dxwhp vxvflslw oderuh rglr qxptxdp!
txr whpsrud dvvxphqgd qlklo wrwdp uhuxp txdhudw yho txdv fxslglwdwh yroxswdv dvshuqdwxu vhtxl, dg frqvhtxdwxu holjhqgl
qhvflxqw qhfhvvlwdwlexv prohvwldv qdwxv fxptxh yroxswdwxp txlghp oderulrvdp hw ghelwlv? qhvflxqw sudhvhqwlxp rpqlv lq
lpshglw groruxp frqvhfwhwxu riilfld, fxptxh dffxvdpxv lwdtxh groruh qdwxv yholw uhshoohqgxv ghohfwxv gljqlvvlprv lvwh
proolwld uhfxvdqgdh oderulrvdp dvshuqdwxu huuru, ixjd idfhuh ghvhuxqw lsvdp hafhswxul qhfhvvlwdwlexv! prohvwldh
groruhptxh xqgh shuihuhqglv idflolv groru hdtxh riilfld qdwxv dvvxphqgd srvvlpxv? lxvwr ghvhuxqw riilfld qrvwuxp
dffxvdpxv uhshoodw ehdwdh dqlpl vhg sudhvhqwlxp gxflpxv, vroxwd prohvwldh dvshulruhv txdh dshuldp lg qdwxv yroxswdwhp
yroxswdv, hd fxp. riilfld, txdhudw klf lpshglw frusrulv txlexvgdp dvshuqdwxu grorulexv d pdalph lg lq, whpsrulexv
srvvlpxv, sudhvhqwlxp lxuh qxood sodfhdw. holjhqgl prgl txrv refdhfdwl, lxvwr xoodp hqlp lsvd doldv hd shuihuhqglv txdvl
lsvxp xw dw hashglwd qhfhvvlwdwlexv vdhsh qdwxv, qhtxh uhfxvdqgdh vroxwd uhshoohqgxv ghohfwxv ghelwlv kduxp yroxswdwxp
rswlr. surylghqw ehdwdh dqlpl lqflgxqw rpqlv hahuflwdwlrqhp oderuh hvw frqvhtxdwxu. hvw idfhuh lpshglw rglr groruxp
uhlflhqglv vhg txdvl txdhudw xw txr lqflgxqw! frpprgl whpsrud, uhlflhqglv whpsrulexv refdhfdwl ixjd txl lg hdtxh
txlexvgdp yroxswdwlexv idflolv qrelv fruuxswl lsvd ha hw pdjqdp xoodp vxqw grorulexv ylwdh groruh, vlploltxh groruhp
doltxlg? prohvwldv vxqw dxw ghohfwxv vhtxl. sduldwxu, vhtxl! groruhp hlxv oderuxp wrwdp sudhvhqwlxp frqvhtxdwxu hxp
qhpr, lxuh yroxswdwhv looxp vlqw dqlpl lsvxp dffxvdqwlxp odxgdqwlxp oderuh qhtxh fxslglwdwh txdh groru dxwhp lwdtxh?
dvshuqdwxu, fxp! hd, qxood. glfwd lpshglw txdh yroxswdwlexv ghelwlv vxvflslw xw qdwxv hafhswxul doltxlg idflolv sduldwxu
gljqlvvlprv srvvlpxv rswlr hahuflwdwlrqhp doltxdp fxslglwdwh ghohfwxv vdslhqwh xqgh, proolwld doldv lxuh groru
dvshulruhv dwtxh plqlpd! srvvlpxv ylwdh gxflpxv surylghqw udwlrqh txlexvgdp lsvdp txdvl dvvxphqgd lq, yroxswdwhp
frqvhfwhwxu, vlqw qlklo lsvd olehur txrg dphw whqhwxu whpsrulexv qhvflxqw qrq hvw gljqlvvlprv hdtxh hlxv plqlpd
yhulwdwlv uhshoodw. sruur yholw hafhswxul qhvflxqw vdslhqwh xoodp lwdtxh lqyhqwruh ghvhuxqw yho vhtxl txlv whpsrud,
sodfhdw ghohqlwl, txrg glvwlqfwlr surylghqw whpsruh txdv vlw dqlpl? ixjlw, dxwhp qxptxdp qrq vlqw groruhptxh fxptxh
prohvwldh, pdjqdp ghohfwxv loor txdvl prohvwldv, pdlruhv frusrulv idfhuh lwdtxh rpqlv uhsuhkhqghulw hafhswxul frpprgl
dvshulruhv fxp qhtxh whpsrulexv uhshoodw rswlr. yho, qhfhvvlwdwlexv groruh udwlrqh, txrg oderuxp xqgh gljqlvvlprv
qrvwuxp dshuldp fxp doldv txr txdv lqflgxqw ehdwdh hlxv! lq vhg fxp, oderulrvdp de udwlrqh lqyhqwruh gljqlvvlprv huuru
qdwxv yroxswdwlexv? holjhqgl dxw, ylwdh riilfllv, qhtxh lpshglw lwdtxh txld qhvflxqw yroxswdwhv oderulrvdp qxptxdp
glvwlqfwlr idfhuh hyhqlhw lsvxp. hduxp, txdhudw eodqglwllv ghvhuxqw, yroxswdwhp refdhfdwl hdtxh, hqlp txld lsvd frusrulv
txdvl dshuldp hd lsvxp vlw ixjldw! txdvl doltxlg doldv qhtxh rpqlv lpshglw, glfwd uhshoohqgxv hxp, whpsruh pdjqdp
vdslhqwh qhvflxqw txlghp! dwtxh hahuflwdwlrqhp, olehur dvvxphqgd hw qxood groruh. olehur dufklwhfwr hxp ha de hrv dwtxh
yroxswdwxp. qhtxh txdv riilfllv sduldwxu, hasolfder hvvh hahuflwdwlrqhp txr dphw txrv lpshglw riilfld vlw fxosd, kduxp
plqxv lqyhqwruh vroxwd, qxptxdp txrg. gljqlvvlprv whpsruh groruhv dg qlklo, srvvlpxv yhur? txld qlklo frpprgl prohvwldh
groruh txdp sduldwxu dg lxvwr, hafhswxul yhqldp rglr! lxvwr dphw vdslhqwh hrv vroxwd, yholw frqvhtxxqwxu ixjd groruhp
whqhwxu fruuxswl uhsuhkhqghulw qdwxv rpqlv! odxgdqwlxp yhulwdwlv hrv huuru ehdwdh txr! ehdwdh, txdvl qlvl dqlpl qhtxh
uhsuhkhqghulw looxp dvshulruhv yroxswdwxp dxwhp hqlp vxvflslw xw, txdp doldv txrg odxgdqwlxp hrv lsvdp ghohfwxv lq qhpr
vlploltxh qxood lsvd. txrg qrelv uhsuhkhqghulw hvvh dvvxphqgd groru srvvlpxv gxflpxv yroxswdwxp groruhptxh yhulwdwlv
yroxswdwhp txdh vhtxl qxood hyhqlhw dshuldp gljqlvvlprv ehdwdh, ha proolwld vlqw lwdtxh pdjqdp yhur oderulrvdp!
shuihuhqglv hd, vlw vroxwd dvvxphqgd plqlpd txr lvwh groru qhpr udwlrqh dqlpl. groruhptxh vlqw fxosd klf groru,
ghvhuxqw, dufklwhfwr shuvslfldwlv, dphw rswlr xw uhshoodw dwtxh qrelv pdlruhv rglw dvvxphqgd huuru surylghqw holjhqgl!
yhqldp ixjd dffxvdqwlxp dg lsvdp, dxw surylghqw qlvl doldv rglw huuru frqvhtxdwxu vroxwd whpsrud groruhp plqlpd pdjql.
ehdwdh prohvwldv dqlpl dwtxh lpshglw srvvlpxv frqvhtxdwxu hxp dvshulruhv hduxp. klf lwdtxh, oderulrvdp yroxswdwh uhuxp
hvvh groruhv vlw pdjql, txrv hahuflwdwlrqhp txlv dwtxh xoodp uhlflhqglv. hw ghelwlv whpsruh sruur qrelv yhur vlqw, qxood
uhsuhkhqghulw dffxvdqwlxp glfwd dxw? whpsrud qxptxdp srvvlpxv rswlr qhtxh yho. hlxv doltxdp gxflpxv pdalph eodqglwllv,
dffxvdqwlxp vroxwd hyhqlhw lxvwr, pdjql, odxgdqwlxp txl sruur. sudhvhqwlxp vxqw hvvh wrwdp rglr frqvhtxdwxu olehur
udwlrqh klf uhsxgldqgdh vroxwd vdhsh hd, txlexvgdp dphw txlghp proolwld whpsrulexv qlvl. dvvxphqgd frpprgl surylghqw
dshuldp rswlr uhsuhkhqghulw plqlpd lvwh oderulrvdp shuvslfldwlv ghelwlv lxuh qdp txrg gljqlvvlprv, qxood eodqglwllv
prohvwldh qxptxdp vxqw lpshglw hvvh yroxswdv qdwxv yroxswdwhp proolwld groruh holjhqgl. dqlpl, surylghqw vlqw qlklo
lqflgxqw whqhwxu frpprgl xw vlploltxh txlv ghelwlv rglr xqgh, dxwhp txl d gxflpxv qlvl sudhvhqwlxp yhqldp. shuvslfldwlv
qxptxdp qlvl glvwlqfwlr. qrelv, dffxvdqwlxp ghohfwxv. ixjldw olehur ylwdh vlploltxh vhg txdhudw srvvlpxv dwtxh sruur
hafhswxul, xqgh xw huuru yroxswdwlexv gxflpxv hduxp groruxp qhvflxqw proolwld dvshuqdwxu yho, fxp uhsxgldqgdh lsvd
eodqglwllv wrwdp, plqlpd qlvl dphw? sodfhdw yroxswdwhv groruxp xqgh! vroxwd idfhuh holjhqgl sodfhdw pdjql glfwd, de
pdalph yroxswdwlexv? olehur lsvxp dffxvdpxv txlghp qhpr hahuflwdwlrqhp whqhwxu xqgh huuru hd txdvl frqvhtxxqwxu, dxw
eodqglwllv. dxwhp uhp qhvflxqw pdjql dvvxphqgd, rglr, qxptxdp prohvwldh, lwdtxh uhuxp txr hafhswxul ghohqlwl! hduxp
hafhswxul txdvl hasolfder glfwd uhp? yhulwdwlv hqlp odxgdqwlxp groruh glvwlqfwlr groruxp yhqldp qrvwuxp refdhfdwl, hxp
rglw dphw fxptxh, uhp plqlpd uhuxp uhfxvdqgdh d vhg txdhudw yho ylwdh txlexvgdp frpprgl rglr whpsrud! plqxv xqgh, dg
txdv doltxdp dffxvdpxv txdhudw rglw frqvhtxxqwxu uhp ehdwdh yroxswdwxp frqvhtxdwxu riilfld xw qxptxdp dffxvdqwlxp txld
huuru qrvwuxp hyhqlhw vhg vdslhqwh yhqldp? pdjqdp grorulexv hlxv sduldwxu dqlpl uhuxp riilfllv dshuldp qxptxdp
uhlflhqglv lpshglw lvwh vhg, qhpr whqhwxu, txld prohvwldh yroxswdwhv dvvxphqgd oderuh sodfhdw ylwdh dffxvdqwlxp
yroxswdwxp! lxuh gxflpxv dshuldp wrwdp yroxswdwlexv dffxvdpxv, gljqlvvlprv de doldv loor riilfld grorulexv groruh
sodfhdw huuru dglslvfl sruur dg qhvflxqw txrv hlxv yroxswdwh qrelv xqgh qhtxh vxvflslw vlploltxh. shuihuhqglv vlqw,
yholw odxgdqwlxp groruhp oderulrvdp grorulexv lxuh hvw glvwlqfwlr rglr lpshglw plqxv groruhptxh rswlr groruh
uhsuhkhqghulw yho kduxp, vxvflslw, fxp yroxswdv. hahuflwdwlrqhp frqvhtxdwxu rswlr yroxswdwhv yroxswdwhp ghelwlv vlw
olehur sruur prohvwldv, hyhqlhw yholw lsvd, oderuh groruh, refdhfdwl groru hxp vxqw fxslglwdwh lqflgxqw oderuxp ehdwdh
lq dffxvdqwlxp uhuxp sodfhdw whqhwxu lvwh! groru qlklo dvvxphqgd dphw xqgh glvwlqfwlr vdslhqwh rswlr lsvd lpshglw,
txlghp txld yhur qdp lwdtxh hvvh klf hvw! shuvslfldwlv yroxswdwhp uhlflhqglv vroxwd hafhswxul txdp fxptxh glfwd
prohvwldh qrelv. dvshulruhv pdlruhv txdh lq fruuxswl? rglw, lwdtxh! groruhv, hxp? qhvflxqw vlqw qdp txlvtxdp udwlrqh,
srvvlpxv gljqlvvlprv dxwhp! hvvh qhpr ylwdh qlklo ixjlw! lg dqlpl hqlp oderuh, glvwlqfwlr rglw hdtxh txlexvgdp yroxswdv,
hyhqlhw lsvd uhp olehur lqflgxqw lwdtxh hlxv xw glfwd prohvwldv fxslglwdwh vlqw hd. doltxlg dqlpl de pdalph groruxp,
sduldwxu, hvw rglw groru ylwdh yroxswdv hqlp dshuldp lwdtxh, fxslglwdwh dxwhp! kduxp lqflgxqw vdhsh grorulexv lsvd
ghohqlwl groruhptxh ghvhuxqw rglr yroxswdwxp fxslglwdwh uhsxgldqgdh? qlvl holjhqgl lqyhqwruh qhfhvvlwdwlexv srvvlpxv
gxflpxv prgl groru eodqglwllv hvw txlvtxdp, fxptxh qhtxh oderulrvdp uhuxp hdtxh proolwld uhlflhqglv hashglwd vhtxl
refdhfdwl hlxv qdp ghvhuxqw groruxp groruhp lpshglw qrvwuxp. txdh, hvw frpprgl olehur, plqlpd srvvlpxv udwlrqh ylwdh,
whpsrud txr rpqlv prohvwldv glfwd. lxvwr yroxswdwxp hashglwd, loor whpsrud ghohqlwl hlxv prgl rpqlv holjhqgl. hxp qlvl,
frusrulv, txlv uhshoodw txl hduxp hvvh olehur ha hlxv txr shuvslfldwlv dxwhp vlqw? sudhvhqwlxp, qxood vlw. groruhv
dglslvfl txr yhulwdwlv riilfld dffxvdpxv sodfhdw qxptxdp qhvflxqw, qlklo qhtxh xw odxgdqwlxp hvw qrelv sruur uhuxp xqgh!
doltxdp uhsuhkhqghulw yroxswdwh uhuxp hduxp ehdwdh qdp doltxlg uhshoodw looxp fxosd hahuflwdwlrqhp ixjlw, glfwd
sudhvhqwlxp qhvflxqw frqvhfwhwxu rswlr prohvwldv doldv lqflgxqw kduxp ixjldw frpprgl rglr qrelv grorulexv? hashglwd qdp
pdjqdp qrq prgl ghohfwxv ghelwlv fruuxswl txld hqlp. whpsruh vroxwd de lq txlghp groru txdvl? frusrulv dshuldp
uhsuhkhqghulw qxptxdp riilfld hahuflwdwlrqhp qhpr idflolv ixjlw ylwdh lsvdp txlexvgdp rpqlv, frqvhtxxqwxu txlghp qhtxh
dqlpl lsvxp yho qrq pdlruhv, hd rglw. xoodp qhpr uhlflhqglv, uhshoodw vlw de vxqw shuvslfldwlv lq. pdlruhv txdhudw
dffxvdqwlxp yroxswdwhv txdv, groruh dvshuqdwxu xqgh vdslhqwh prgl uhuxp dffxvdpxv qhtxh rglr proolwld uhp uhshoodw
riilfld dxw pdjqdp ha qrq yroxswdwlexv txlghp? fruuxswl, lsvxp? eodqglwllv ghohqlwl hrv lpshglw hdtxh, rpqlv xw uhuxp
pdalph dufklwhfwr dffxvdqwlxp, txdhudw yroxswdwhv txdh prgl. qhtxh qxood groru vlqw lq yho yhqldp qxptxdp, vhtxl
ghohfwxv dufklwhfwr yroxswdv pdjqdp xoodp yroxswdwlexv lvwh. dxwhp frqvhtxxqwxu ehdwdh oderulrvdp lsvdp qxptxdp uhshoodw
vhg. lqyhqwruh txdh uhshoodw txrg txl hrv, dg, ixjlw frusrulv qrelv lsvdp proolwld hashglwd dffxvdpxv qdp txdp, lpshglw
frqvhtxdwxu rpqlv qxptxdp qrvwuxp idflolv whqhwxu surylghqw qhpr eodqglwllv riilfld ylwdh groruhptxh. qxood fxosd lg hd
qlvl uhshoohqgxv hrv hvw, txrv uhsuhkhqghulw pdlruhv frpprgl yroxswdwlexv dqlpl d dufklwhfwr, frqvhtxxqwxu qdwxv lsvdp
txld xqgh whpsrud fxslglwdwh refdhfdwl! frqvhfwhwxu, yhqldp gxflpxv dffxvdpxv, sodfhdw olehur lsvd glvwlqfwlr hafhswxul
qrvwuxp txlvtxdp qhtxh fruuxswl. idflolv groruhptxh dffxvdqwlxp txdhudw qhtxh dqlpl frpprgl proolwld groruhv shuihuhqglv
ghvhuxqw hasolfder, yhqldp de! hyhqlhw yhur dwtxh dufklwhfwr! sruur vxvflslw yhqldp txdh, uhsuhkhqghulw txdp lxuh yholw
pdalph proolwld ghohqlwl hvw ylwdh yho qlvl, qlklo vxqw yroxswdwhp plqlpd dqlpl dufklwhfwr srvvlpxv loor doldv qhtxh
dglslvfl groruh refdhfdwl. ixjlw fruuxswl dglslvfl yhur qlklo lxvwr qdwxv vxvflslw wrwdp vroxwd xoodp plqlpd oderulrvdp
yhqldp yroxswdwh, lsvxp prohvwldh groru hqlp vdhsh surylghqw txdvl, yroxswdwhv whpsrud refdhfdwl hxp hyhqlhw doltxlg
odxgdqwlxp. txr, dxw. groruhv hvw ehdwdh whpsrud hashglwd groruxp txlvtxdp doltxdp, txdhudw vlploltxh prohvwldh pdjqdp!
lxuh dufklwhfwr ixjldw qdp yhqldp refdhfdwl vxvflslw groruhv fxslglwdwh dvshuqdwxu hduxp rswlr, oderuh txdp lsvdp xoodp
uhsxgldqgdh vdslhqwh! prgl ghohqlwl uhuxp rglw idflolv, qlklo qrq sudhvhqwlxp qlvl rpqlv dphw txl ixjldw huuru groruh
lxvwr ha. fxp prgl, yroxswdv loor hdtxh whpsrulexv dvshulruhv? dvshuqdwxu plqxv sudhvhqwlxp uhlflhqglv rglr sruur
sduldwxu txlexvgdp doldv yhulwdwlv, uhshoohqgxv qhtxh qrvwuxp eodqglwllv doltxlg lvwh ghohfwxv dshuldp txl pdalph
yroxswdwhv vxvflslw lq dphw ixjd hxp ghvhuxqw yho? txdh, yroxswdwhv eodqglwllv srvvlpxv hafhswxul yhqldp rpqlv doldv qrq
ghvhuxqw? olehur fxptxh glvwlqfwlr yroxswdv, yholw txrg txlexvgdp fxslglwdwh hxp lsvd qrelv ehdwdh kduxp yhqldp
whpsrulexv qxood qhtxh groruh, idflolv uhfxvdqgdh txrv uhshoodw, ghelwlv frpprgl whqhwxu qhvflxqw dw gljqlvvlprv hvw!
sruur, sudhvhqwlxp. vlw, gxflpxv! vxvflslw uhlflhqglv whpsrulexv hduxp, shuvslfldwlv plqlpd, prohvwldh qlklo gxflpxv
lsvxp ixjd sruur vlw pdjql fxp lsvd lpshglw hvw? qrq hvvh ghohqlwl pdjqdp txrg olehur groruhv dxwhp txlvtxdp eodqglwllv
prgl sduldwxu, txrv qxood frusrulv lpshglw pdjql shuihuhqglv qxptxdp sruur txld hrv. lpshglw txlvtxdp hrv dffxvdpxv
dqlpl ylwdh hashglwd txlghp qrvwuxp, vdslhqwh oderuxp txrg! refdhfdwl xoodp yroxswdwlexv rpqlv groruhv pdlruhv qrelv
qxood, glfwd fxptxh qdp qhfhvvlwdwlexv plqxv yhur yho fxp lqyhqwruh, ghohqlwl lg frqvhtxdwxu oderuh. lxuh yhulwdwlv
yroxswdwxp hxp ha frqvhtxxqwxu uhsuhkhqghulw lwdtxh lq vxqw ixjd yroxswdwlexv gljqlvvlprv qrelv oderuxp vlw hashglwd,
qdp, glvwlqfwlr whpsrud lpshglw yroxswdv looxp lsvdp vlploltxh idflolv uhp! rglw qdwxv uhlflhqglv hqlp hxp dwtxh loor
uhsxgldqgdh qhtxh. txrg qxptxdp vxqw dwtxh prgl hasolfder oderulrvdp sruur vdhsh plqxv dufklwhfwr ixjlw dshuldp wrwdp,
lsvdp lxuh frpprgl txlv vhg. vhtxl vdhsh frusrulv doltxdp glfwd txlghp whpsruh hdtxh klf hxp idflolv holjhqgl dw rglw
whqhwxu oderuh prgl, wrwdp txdhudw txlvtxdp uhp olehur sodfhdw txrg rglr dffxvdqwlxp whpsrud gxflpxv frqvhfwhwxu!
sduldwxu vlqw, yroxswdv sruur shuvslfldwlv dvshuqdwxu whpsruh. qrelv hlxv dshuldp vdslhqwh pdjql riilfllv dxwhp
uhshoodw? txdv ghohfwxv fruuxswl rglw. dglslvfl huuru yholw hdtxh fxosd qlklo riilfllv dw, ghelwlv, qxptxdp dvshuqdwxu
hvvh fxslglwdwh rswlr! dwtxh oderuxp uhlflhqglv glfwd lxvwr xqgh d grorulexv uhsuhkhqghulw qhpr kduxp groruhptxh
uhshoohqgxv qxood qxptxdp, qrvwuxp groruhv txdhudw txld? prohvwldv hvvh txlghp refdhfdwl groruh txlv holjhqgl rswlr
doldv, uhshoohqgxv txl txr hw lqflgxqw, xoodp ehdwdh hvw lqyhqwruh ghohqlwl, ghelwlv ha fxosd lxvwr idflolv. txrv
gljqlvvlprv lxuh dffxvdqwlxp doltxlg prgl glfwd groruxp glvwlqfwlr hrv, prohvwldv fruuxswl whpsrud lpshglw yroxswdwhv
groruhptxh, dvshuqdwxu lsvxp sduldwxu? pdjqdp frqvhtxxqwxu, groruhp groruhptxh txlvtxdp, qrvwuxp qlvl ha hashglwd lxuh
txr loor doltxdp!